good and we are here with this puzzle
but with the forms
we are to see you
he comes in this plastic comes even
with a with a spare tail of
spare and let's see
d
I do not know
and since this is an apple is
pretty good we can cheap and really
it was everywhere
a stage
for the intermediate stage and capacity
together for 3
right the left front back good
Well, we can not have any
mystery apart from this we can see what
this has several positions solved
you see
this is already solved like this is
solved like this is solved
and by with the bottom part the layer of
down
and with the intermediate layer that passes then
that these pieces are and these are
same
others are the same
four of these four are equal
others are the same and the centers are also
in the world shadings almost almost
it could resemble
to this one here
when we saw it
it's worth a lot of pieces
same
like any position
it's a determined position
OK
then this could be put
considered to be the resolution
the resolution of this puzzle is very
simple very simple because why not
because it has no mystery
it's a three by three if we know
solve
this is easy
everything is something and we do it in a moment
because we already have it here mixed
we will have the reference the ass of the
fruit and the top part with the tail and
we go
have a lot because it is that
the truth does not deserve the penalty number
make our cross
magazine here
we already have the first
I'm going to say that it's very easy
here the second are all the same
one two three we are missing this one edge
that is sunken
and it 's all up
all these artists like here
I can not find the other list
and here are the stands
to see
they are we have the four lists
now we put the vertices these two already
They are by
not here
here is well put we put the other
it's already like everything is fine
all the centers coincide towards
cheated this center does not match before
to continue the layers for down
you have to orient the center well and this
is well oriented this is fine
oriented this is misguided but
this does not have any mystery we go down
by the capo below we put it well
and we already have to be oriented to what
same with you
we already need it
and we almost have it done we put this
here we take it out the will put in its
good site you see that it does not have
no way
is here
I would say here you see
we put the usual way
not to be confused
and it's almost done
if by any chance we have any
piece that was not right here we do
as always we will remove a lateral
joke because we have many pieces
same we can get out especially
the one way is to get it out of
others
but that is that it has no mystery
then you are seeing we are now
we already have two oriented we would be missing
these 2
these two also oriented
once they are all well oriented
the beings that we lack
the vertices here always put
we consider how they are all the same
they're all fine then you just have to
guide them
of the
or no mystery deals
for you to see
no mystery the cool punch of the cheap
and you can buy us we oriented well
but good
more for the collection than to try
solve it because
has no king is already
a lot of pieces like this
that was also fine but has not
no grace
I hope you liked it and thanks
for him